MTM-57760: Change log for Map ID Token Parameters in SSO configuration (#2511)
Cumulocity-IoT/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/platform-services/cumulocity-1020-589-0-support-for-id-token-procured-by-an-external-iam-server-in-the-cumulocity-sso-authentication-process.md

---
date: ""

> title: Support for ID token procured by an external IAM server in the Cumulocity SSO authentication process

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Support for ID tokens provided by external IAM servers in the SSO authentication process
```

product_area: Platform services
change_type:
  - value: change-QHu1GdukP
    label: Feature
component:
  - value: q3kclF6pO
    label: Authentication
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-QHwMfWtBk7
    label: cumulocity
ticket: MTM-57760

> version: 1020.589.0

Reviewer 2: the fixed version in the ticket is different than here 
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9192f891-cb84-4874-b3d1-cf896d7a3a44)
can you please cross check from which version its available?

Reviewer 3: This is the version of UI changes. Core changes are in 1020.589.0 version

Reviewer 3: Should we post here both versions or cumulocity-core is enough?

Reviewer 2: one is enough.

---

> Support for ID tokens provided by external IAM servers has been added and can now be used in the authentication process via SSO. Previously, only access tokens were supported by the Cumulocity platform. Now, the administrator can decide through the configuration whether user data retrieved from the external server, such as first name, last name, phone number, email, and roles, should be loaded from the access token or the ID token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Support for ID tokens provided by external IAM servers has been added and can now be used in the authentication process via single sign-on (SSO). Previously, only access tokens were supported by the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} platform. Now, the administrator can decide through the configuration whether user data retrieved from the external server, such as first name, last name, phone number, email, and roles, should be loaded from the access token or the ID token.
```
